Make some noise and welcome to Harmit Town God damn it from the lovely downtown
dynasty theater you know what the deal is somewhere right now somebody's waiting
outside to rob you let's get into it you look fabulous that thing is great so much
color let's get into it with our good friend
Dungeon Master Master Blaster I ain't shittin' in Mr. Grittin
He's here for your enjoyment
for your pleasure
now the main ol' derp
watch this dudes I'm a swerve
the mayor of Harmit Town
Mr. Dan Harmo!
oh my god what a show you've got on your hands you came to a special show
special show
now you're gonna have a good time
I remember the time when your show wasn't that good
and I still paid the same amount of money for it
okay
let's just leave that guy in his own desert
who was that guy?
Mr. Nostalgia that apparently hates some episodes of the show
he wasn't ready for the evolutions
fuck that guy
I'm glad he's not here tonight
where is he?
oh shit I spilled all over the closing of the mail today
they look nice
that's a great shirt
for everybody that pays for the live video feed
I'm wearing clothes I got in the mail
from Bomfell
it was a former sponsor at one point
I think I'm grandfathered into some AI warehouse
that's just like making Bomfell deliveries
like the company maybe chapter 11
and it's just like there's just robot arms
mailing clothes to me
this is here I am
it is a great shirt
and I spilled on it
look last week I listened to the show
I listened to it back
sometimes I do that
I don't think you guys understood
that one car per green each lane
oh shit
it's absurd
alright fine
I think there should be more
I think it should say
I don't know what it should say
I think they should make it
I think they should block off one lane
do you know that there is an exit
it is right before the bar exit
it's two cars
those are luxurious
so it says two cars per green each lane
what the fuck does that mean
that means because everybody is trying to get on
that means four cars go right
if it's two lanes
and if it's three it's six
if I'm behind one of two cars
I'm in a quad of cars
you're sitting there
so I get to go at the same speed
as the person ahead of me
because two cars per green each lane
wow
thank you
Mr. Infrastructure
not you
I want to be called Mr. Infrastructure
they're looking at a big map
on a wall of a 70's office
and they're like looks like the i5
is getting a little red by Kawanga
well maybe
up up the cars per green each lane
to two
these dudes are trying to help you out
and this is the impression you do
they're trying to stop my car Brandon
I love that you
shit on these dudes
I'll say two car lane
I think that they're
I think they're nerds
they're like how can we ease congestion
you think they're trying to help me out
really
you think it's me and them against who
Zeus
if they're not on the other team
who is
give me a break
they love
they'd love to make an alt right lane
they'd love it
they'd be like hey man
the only color I see
is traffic
okay alright buddy
alright
pick a lane
I'd say to them
anyways no they're not on anyone's side
they're fucking
I don't doubt their intelligence
we all saw singles
what was Campbell Scott's character
wasn't he in charge of like looking at traffic
mixing up a bunch of like 90's movies
yeah come on
we all saw singles
maybe there'd be like a 45 year old in the audience
yes you got a Campbell Scott's character in singles
definitely studied traffic
look it up
but that's presented as an occupation
it goes like oh if you do this
no no no they're traffic specialists
I'm there
they're not necessarily good people
who would take that job
to put a sign on an on ramp
that says hey
put your left foot in and your right foot out
do the hokey pokey
then you can get on the freeway
home by five
no dude come on
go to Capitol Hill
get your money
tell them what you
tell them there needs to be two fucking ramps
I agree with you on that that's why I was trying to
make your day by letting you know that they existed
alright well we already talked about
so many more cars
that's two more cars
right
two cars per green each lane
oh yeah
it's great you know that light
it gets a yellow
I thought that would get a bigger reaction
no
I'm reading the room these guys
had it up to here
guess what we've got some delightful guests for you
so you can stick them up your ass
I'm not gonna warm you up for them
I'm gonna bring them out you're gonna love them
and you're gonna be like I feel bad about the lukewarm
response I had at the time of the show
this is a better show
than I thought it was gonna get
and I'm gonna be like you don't deserve it
whoa but you get it anyway
but you're gonna get some great people
you're gonna make some new friends
you're gonna love our conversation
go home and tell that to your dumb parents
terrible people
there's some great conversations
what did I write in here some of you are nice I'm sure
I wrote down
apologizing to Mrs. Momfrey for jumping off
the garage roof with plastic bags
I think I probably told that story though
when?
I don't know I just remember like
I think it was a story about how my mom was like
it was like I remember me and my best friend
like we were jumping off
the garage roof
his garage roof with hefty bags
oh like a parish
we wanted to see if it slowed our descent
right and
someone saw us doing it and told my mom
and I think my mom's
response was
I'm taking you over there
and you're gonna apologize
for being
seen by her
putting myself in danger that's not what she wanted
but
hey some moms are 23
I don't know
I look at it like right now like what would you do Dan
I'd be the worst dad
and I'm twice that age
you have to jump a whole pack
what's up you'd be like get up there
and jump 20 times in a row
yeah I'd be like why yeah I don't know
if my kid said I'm gonna jump off the
garage with a hefty bag I'd be like
well
let's shoot it
I don't know what
I would actually still think
I'd be like well maybe it'll work like a parachute
why wouldn't it you're like 80 pounds
the bag says it holds
a lot of garbage
no
I prefer quiet
I think that's the new uber setting
I prefer quiet and now I'm locked in it
we talked about this
I saw it I got excited I predicted
like this is gonna lock you in
like what happens the day I have had it
I've been like you know I'm a little lit
I'm on my way from here to there
I'd actually love to talk to somebody a little chatty
tonight and then I look at the thing I'm really
I can't force someone to talk to me
it already says I prefer
quiet by default I'm not gonna select
talk to me that poor fucker
you know
talk to me also means
hey if you want to talk
I know but like that because
it's creepy to not talk to each other in the car
I love it
if you sit the way I sit I sit
you just stare at the driver
I sit backwards facing in the front seat
it's nice that
you guys are trying to react to me like it's a
good show and I appreciate that
you're trying
you're like well that's a thing to talk about
sure
life is like a flowerpot and you're like Jesus Christ kill me
alright
let's bring out our friends
we're not one at a time just because we don't want them to
compete
let's first bring out
I'm not gonna call her a close friend
but I am gonna call her somebody that I was
so enamored with and I never
I don't know
there's a thing whatever I'm not gonna over talk it
why don't you give her her credits because she's amazing
I don't know anything she does
she was a writer for SNL
I met her through
Jeff kind of through the improv community
great on who's line
to talk about she's been working on the Jordan Peele
Twilight Zone show
but let's let her speak for herself
please welcome Heather Anne Campbell
I put my guest
on the seat
Heather Anne Campbell
damn
Heather Ann
looking good
back of a van
yep
now that tracks
well I'll freestyle till it gets gross that's my rule
how are you thanks for coming out and visiting
I'm good how are you
I'm always happy to see you
I'm happy to see you always
like the last time that we sat down
it was like two hours of video game talk
and I did most
of the listening which blew my mind
yeah we talked about video games
because you play way more video games
yeah I mean
I play a lot of bad ones now
but I used to play really good video games
and it was really great and fun
and I think we talked about those times
yeah we talked about the old times
the new times the third person
times the first person times
you got a new podcast called how did this get played
yep
as the name would imply
thank you very much
I haven't listened to it
so like you want to describe
so
Nick Weiger and I
play a terrible video game
and then
we talk about it with a guest
and the guest also plays the terrible video game
and there are infinite terrible
video games so the show will last forever
and does it span all of time
does the guest get to pick
we've asked a couple
guests if they have a pick
and they have chosen but generally they're like
I don't know whatever and then we tell them
well enjoy Leisure Suit Larry
and they're like
fuck
hope you like playing that again
but we're playing new games
old games
it's actually really nice to pull out all of my old
video game systems
I pulled out my old Dreamcast for a recent episode
that hasn't been released yet
and I was
follow Heather Ann on Instagram
you'll get intimidated
post a photo of
a fucking
engine also
do you wrench on cars and shit
no
I have a
problematic car
and I
try to take care of it
I've learned how to
so I drive a 1978 Datsun
T-Tops folks
come on
T-Tops
he looks upset
I reached out
when you posted it
it's amazing
I sealed over
this is going to break your heart
I had the sunroof patched
it's alright
she made it an O-Top
is that cool
but so the car has
a fuel injection system
so the lines go over the top of the engine
and one day I started it
and gasoline sprayed all over
my windshield
and it was terrifying because that means
I could die
so I've learned how to fix that problem
so that
is the only wrenching that I do on my engine
and the rest of the time I usually have it toed
still but in that
in that three sentences
about you doing something wrong
with a car I was like oh you would have bullied me
in high school no
cause you were like brave enough to
oh no
you were in the key
it just seems like you know your way around things
we would have been loser friends
really?
what was your archetype?
I was a
dragon lance nerd
so I used to
what?
general enthusiasm
I read a lot of dragon lance
and I played D&D
with a guy who would draw
his maps on lamb skin
whoa
he also had
a full suit of armor so he was like
a rich kid
but like a not
you know what I mean
so yeah
I did that
okay so there's no
how big was your high school?
so my high school was
400 kids total
and it was not a good
place I hated it very much
so 400 kids means
that there's a social allowance
for one art kid
yeah we had one art kid
in our and it was not me
it was not you, you were the D&D kid
I was the D&D video game kid
and it's hard to be the D&D video game kid
when there's only one allowed
the truth is
you really want another D&D kid
the guy who drew on the maps
he was from a different school
so you're totally right
there was no community of nerds
that way
I spent so much time in middle school
being into D&D it never played it
I literally
my whole identity
was
I had three D&D shirts that I bought
at GenCon
because I lived in Milwaukee
so I was GenCon adjacent
and I bought
these D&D sweatshirts there
and I just wore those
and I had these
AD&D books
but
I didn't play with anybody
that was just my identity
it was just me saying step off
or you've already stepped off
and it was my idea first
but it was almost
just as satisfying
I spent so much of it
but then in high school
I had a 600 student high school
that I transferred to
there were three
nerds allowed
and they found me
and my brain blossomed
I met these guys and we would get together
and play D&D
from 3 to 9pm
that's great
but you did that with
by the way thank you for
letting me be a guest on your show
do you have any other questions for me
I wanted more details on this
Dungeons & Dragons sweatshirt
it was all the
black sweatshirts
and they were just the illustrations
from the covers of the second edition
oh hell yeah
that's really fucking cool
the easily
paintings whatever
the cover of
Unearthed Arcana
the cover of the Dungeon Masters guide
the cover of the Players Handbook
I think I had those three sweatshirts
they were jet black
accentuating
it was like a black light on my shoulders
everywhere I went just a big
dotted
sign that said back off buddy
back off ladies
did it work
oh yeah man people gave me space
but how do you reconcile
being a nerd with
being a you seem
marketable to me
you went into
improv
it's not
you seem like you could have made it
well you
you can pass
for like not a nerd
but you're fucking harder
core than me frankly
I sold out as soon as I could
you still stick to your guns you like
cosplay and like you
you're fucking like it's infused in your life
you get joy from our legacy
you think that I should
have given up those things
so that I could make it
oh no you didn't
you have a show that is those things
no it's not listen to this interview it's terrible
what
I'm just circling
like you're such an effervescent person
you never sold out
you're not
you're an island
that's what you are
and like you
do you have anxiety about
yourself and shit
or is it like what I see is what I get
right now I am having
anxiety
you radiate confidence
oh thank you
so I'm just yeah I mean
are you
swallowing down insecurity
the best thing about
I think about being
like an improviser for example
is that I don't ever have to be myself
I can't imagine being like a stand up
and it took a lot of
it was a lot of like
mental homework
to do a podcast because I was like oh
over the course of like 20 episodes
people are going to figure out who I am
and they're going to hate that person
and you know some of the comments
have gotten there really quickly
and they know who I am
they hate me
yeah I
what are the things that you think people are going to
what is that kite tail that you carry with you
because I feel that too
these people are going to google me
and they're going to like pick through
what is it about you that you're worried people are going to
so I wear so much of my
my
my fandom all of those things on my sleeve
but I am always afraid
my imposter syndrome
manifests as I don't know
enough about any of the things that I actually
love like when people
see that I drive that car and then I fix it up
twice they're like oh she's a gear head
but I'm not a gear head
you're like I'm not going to stand up
to that fucking scrutiny don't ask me a bunch
of fucking gear head questions are you going to shame me
right but the only thing that I feel
like I could like go pretty deep on is
video games and then
even that and that's a forgiving crowd
yeah that's a
that's a good pit to dive into
people love it when women
talk about video games
the more the merrier
people hate it so much that
it changed politics
literally
like I mean for real
began there
but
you I mean so
have you
just regarding that like in
terms of your relationship with like other people's
opinions and your
identity and stuff
are there epiphanies that you've come into over the
last five years
that you could share with me
like about
about just in that general
area about like what
people like you're talking about
yourself being out there being
visible you having an identity
people having opinions about it
what's your relationship with that how has that
changed from 2009
to now
so
a decade ago
I was writing for
magazines and there were
very vocal
I feel like I was I got
a trailer for
Gamergate
in the kinds of
language that met me when I was
a video game journalist
there were places that
really really ruthlessly called
me a dumb cunt
and like
diatribes of stuff and I was like oh this
is unfamiliar
and then after I stopped
being a games journalist and sort of disappeared
into comedy for the next few years
I every time
I'd like poke my head up out of that
that water and somebody would be like
bitch and I'd go back under
I'd be like ah that yes I remember
um so I
I feel like that I was really lucky to get
a preview of it before it
came down like a sledge hammer
on everybody later
um so that would
be what I've learned is that like
I was very
um I've always been
very internet like I love
internet so much I was a
I had prodigy like
on a black and white screen in my
house and like was posting on
um
prodigy forums back in the day
uh like I've always really you had
one keyboard under each hand
I did
I had a split keyboard I had
a Microsoft ergonomic
because that's how you I mean
like a girl who's like hey
mom and dad will you get me an ergonomic
keyboard
they're like oh no
I had as many as I could because I would see
in TV and movies that that's if you were a hacker
you had more keyboards and more screens
were you were you ever a hacker
I was a poser hacker
I was like a phone
phone freak PHRE
did you make the thing from the like the back of
your mechanics where you uh got free
phone calls was that with phone
was that like a whistle or something no no
I never I was on a whistler okay I
was a I was a code
uh I was just I was
just seeing finding codes on
bbs's and then we go like oh this
is a code you can type in and then you
get you get free long distance awesome
and then we call like sex lines oh just
to test it I was like I was just like
oh for real if you do use this code
you don't get charged for a 900 number
and like I don't even know if it was true
or if my parents are just like oh good he's not gay
I don't I don't know I have no
idea like but I did the codes did
work and I was excited the coaches let
that person listen
in on your conversation but that's not
a hacker I didn't hack anything
I was a programmer I was
very into Commodore 64
basic you know programming
I almost had basic cable
but anyways
um uh
shit like like where were we at though
we're talking about what we've learned what have you learned
in the last 10 years no I don't
get me started that's what this dumb
show is all about I was I was curious
and you let me know I mean what I got
there was an education of actually like way
before like long ago
you've dwelt among
like environments where
you can't
please everybody all of the time is more
than just a comforting platitude
if you don't win a
competition at school it's
like an actual thing you have to live with
that that's what you're describing is like
you were acid washed
and and so is it that as
it these many years later
are you
is there a philosophy that you carry with you where you're like
don't don't read the comments
or fuck them if
they can't take a joke or don't drink
the Haterade or like what is
the I mean is there any guiding
philosophy at the risk of giving up
my my bit
which will then I think make it ineffective
is that any time
somebody says something terrible to me online
I reply with okay I will do that
or yes thank you I agree
and usually they're like
oh okay like if somebody
is like you've got a fucking terrible
smile
which I got on a video
it was like the top comment
was like this girl shouldn't
fucking smile she's got a terrible smile
I was like I also
hate my smile
and I wish that I didn't have it
and then after that they're like
no it's not that bad
it doesn't yeah I
see what you mean about like yeah I don't give it up
because it's like oh god
that is the one fear
but yeah it makes perfect sense
I feel like we've all gone through that phase
and it's always yielded results and I think I just
like my fear is what bumps me off of that path
it always works
yeah no just
being healthy
just going like
not attacking the person back
which is just what is that
that's exactly
either nothing at all
or even better
yeah I guess my dick's pretty small
and just letting it take its course
which is what a Taoist would do
what water would do
it always works
yeah it does
stop doing it because we have a bad day
I don't know
because we get super clever and we want to fire back
yeah I got good jokes
and listen to the time to let them fly
god damn right
speaking of great jokes
it's time to bring out professional comedy writer
SNL writer alum
Rick and Morty writer Nick Rutherford
please welcome him out
music
you guys both wrote on SNL
but not the same year
no
see different comedy philosophies
no we did not
write at the same time
no I didn't get hired
along with a bunch of my buddies who got hired
and then I was working with Heather at the time
and she
had just gotten fired from it
I was not renewed
it's different
oh I say I was fired
they probably never fire anybody
you don't have to fire writers in TV
you just don't pick up their option
yeah that's what happened
yeah it all feels the same
no I wish I was
I reached the end of my contract
and then was fired
okay great
it said fired
it sent me a new contract
that said fired
I would like to hire you to be fired
why would they mail this
plus one option plus one
if we like your job of being an ex-employee
we may fire you again
yeah and they didn't like me as an
as an ex-employee there
because they didn't fire me again
but you told me a lot of terrible stories
that made me feel good about not getting hired
and then I got hired
and I was like
Heather doesn't know shit
and then I had
a terrible year
you guys have suicide dreams
I have dreams where I just
bite people really hard
yeah
makes me feel good
you have a dream that you're the guy being bit
that's working on SNL
and then I knew
that you were right the whole time
thank you
everybody has a different
experience there
ours was the same
it's weird that the phrase
36th season
shouldn't be
said along with comedy
isn't it 46?
well now it probably is
it's just like
someone's worked on the 36th season
of a sketch show
it's shit
it's its own thing
it's more like a sport
there aren't seasons of sports
it's a dynasty
it's an institution
it's fun
it's good
everybody loves it when they're 10 years old
when they turn 17 they're like this sucks now
I wonder if that's still trying to get back on the show
so if we could
move the conversation
let's do your audition
we've got the right kind of crowd tonight
oh yeah I can tell they're hot
they're ready to
produce SNL
here's a guy
here's a
well I just did this impression of a guy
who got fired from SNL
five years ago and can't stop talking about it
alright that's one
that was solid
don't you have a guy named Hammerhead?
yeah of course I got a guy named Hammerhead
cause you're a trained improviser
ohhhh
I'm gonna nail ya
someone told me
you do an incredible viola Davis
of course
and that of course is as we all know
the woman who is half violin
that's right
I thought that people would be more enamored
with my lack of knowing who viola Davis is
at least currently
I thought it was one of your better pieces
thank you
uh no I don't uh
I don't know who that is
alright let's go in
we're gonna go round
should I know who that is?
wait who is she
maybe I do I'm bad with names
he's a guest make him feel good
my first time I'm nervous
I had vodka
you forgot who viola Davis is it's fine
thanks Phantom
this is Dungeon Master
now I feel bad
it's time for our lightning round
we're gonna go round
round Robin with the guests and talk about their experience
with breast cancer
we'll start with Heather Ann
thank you
you recently
like it was
just fucking
it hit you like a truck
I didn't see it coming for sure
and when
Heather was diagnosed
I wasn't ready for it
that's how I felt honestly
I felt more affected by it
um
but like
whether we talked about
you talked about the fucking brevity of it
from start to finish
so I went in for my
my OBG was like
hey you should get a mammogram at some point
for like a baseline
and I was like okay sure
I got my first mammogram
and they were like oh god
this doesn't usually happen on the first one
yeah the serious doctor came in
and like that's what you every time I go to the doctor
I'm like oh they're gonna
I'm dying for sure I'm dying at the dentist
and
so they were like well
so all of these things
these are calcium and usually that forms
around a tumor
Heather did you work on SNL at all
I did
it was as exciting
but yeah so they were like
you have stage 3 breast cancer
there's only 4
4 is politely
sorry but like
it's over
I mean not over over
if you have stage 4 and you're listening
you're gonna make it if you have stage 4
you still can pull out of it
it's kind of like a video game
I was playing on difficult but not hard
I was not playing on casual
or normal
but you went in for this thing
and they were like it's stage 3
it was like
it was a matter of minutes
until stage 4
and there's a big difference between stages
yes so
I went in
on one let's see
I went in on a Thursday
and by Thursday of the next week
I was seeing a surgeon
and then
seeing them like them prepping you
walking me through all the stuff
and they were like
we would recommend a double mastectomy
and I was like okay great
and they were like you don't want to consult
and I was like no let's go
fucking cut them off
so then they did
so less than a month from
mammogram to surgery
and
I had a double mastectomy
and that was that
and I didn't tell anybody
ahead of time like I didn't post on instagram
or anything
because I really didn't want anyone to worry
and I also didn't want to be
identified as
the person who had
glad I can help
thank you
but that was so baller
so then I had it done
and the only
truly scary thing
there were two scary moments
one was I came out of surgery
and I didn't feel well
and I was like no
I really don't feel well
and they have like drains
that go into your rib cage
to drain all the fluid
from what is a huge traumatic injury
to your body
that's the
because you didn't do chemo
for the first two weeks
one week after you have lines
the surgery is an injury and your body
is like building up these fluids
I've been traumatized
so you have these drains that are hanging out of you
and one of them was filling up with
really dark red liquid
like darker than blood
and I was like that can't be right and they were like no it's fine
and I was like well can we talk to my surgeon
and they were like no it's fine
and then an hour and a half later I was like
I really don't feel well can we please just
like well being
get my surgeon back in and she can be like
that's fine and she came in and went
oh no
and I was like
we have to bring you back in immediately
you're bleeding internally
and so I had to go under again
and that was scary like that's when my dad
cried and stuff like that was
rough for everyone
my girlfriend fainted
that was scary because they were like
you're not supposed to go under twice in a day
you know if you're bleeding internally
it's much worse than cutting off your boobs
so that was scary
and then I think that was it
after that I was fine
and the whole thing spans
though when you described it to me you're like
January blah blah blah
I got the thing and it was like
and then the number of days
was like from start to finish
yeah January 27th to February 18th
was the entirety of my cancer journey
that means before
you're like zippity-doodle
time to
have a formal play date with
a mammogram
just to do my due diligence
and then boom worst news
ever except
if we had caught it a little later
and then you had this whole
spiritual experience
that barely anybody listening
is going to have
until later
which is like holy shit
that might be it
and then you come out to the other side
and one thing that you said to me
was like
so
a couple women reached out and they were like
you're going to be a different person
on the other side of this journey
and it's going to be really great to meet that person
and so there was a part of me that was like
oh this trauma is going to
make me realize something
and I got to the other side of it
and there was nothing
I was the same person
and I was like
no there's got okay
I'm going to feel on a daily
basis I'm going to have more gratitude
or more like fear
and there was nothing it was the same
miserable
person on the other side just like
well fucking get back
to work so they didn't get all the cancer
no I am the cancer
you are the cancer
you were the cancer the breasts feel great
they're somewhere
they're free
would you call yourself an atheist
would you let yourself be okay
what was your relationship with oblivion
but the important thing is it didn't change
your relationship was like
whatever and then you were kind of
surprised to find out on the other side of this
it hadn't changed
so here's two things that happened during the thing
which is my therapist said
you should pray
and I was like
and she's like no
even if you don't
so there are scientific studies that show that prayer
works as a healing
like prayer
makes you heal and I was like
yeah but I'm pretty sure you have to believe
great and it's not the actual thing
and she's like no
you can believe in the study
so pray to the study
I actually think that's a smart therapist
and I was like
oh and she's like if you know
scientifically it works then you're praying
to the results
and so for like that month
I prayed to the study
like I was like
and you did do it? yeah oh yeah
every night I was like
please study
good
please Harvard Journal of Medicine
yeah I wish well she was like
you know whatever it is that you want to
put as the thing you're praying to
uh and you're
going to go to the choir
yeah
please keep spider manning me
through this
so I prayed to that
thing I prayed to like
the idea of prayer
as a self
is that the right word?
self? yeah
thank you
I get a letter a week later
it would have been nice if you had all accepted
my sentence
the other thing was that
I got really sad about music
was I guess something
that changed because I would
a song that would come on that I really loved
and I was like man there's a possibility
I'm not going to hear this song more than like five more
times oh god
and that bummed me out like of all the
everything else was okay like I
was too stressed out to eat
and so I wasn't like
manifesting as like oh I should eat my
last meal although that did occur to
me but then I was like
but you're telling me that having experienced
those things those moments
like that didn't
I mean I don't want to say
that didn't change you I'm saying like
but it's like you didn't
I don't mean
my question to be like what are you
some kind of freak I mean you're my hero
because like when you told me that I'm like oh god
you're yeah because that's my biggest
fear is like
dying? no the not feeling
shit oh the
the stuff where you go like oh is there
something like I'm not like this other person
this fairy tale story about
when I get this and then I overcome
that and then I'm supposed to feel this
and you go like oh that's not me that's not
how I'm feeling well maybe
maybe it could be that
for you you're already living
in a way where the thing
that most people transform into
you've already actualized and that's sort of
what I was I'm like a I'm like a person
you've already died
you've already
experienced
like the full death because of my diet
yeah yeah
so you're already there
I've seen you eat
I mean that's kind of
when I talked to people about it
like my therapist I was like
I was looking forward to this thing
and it didn't happen
and she was like well you
talked a lot about death before you got this diagnosis
I feel like you lived
with it as a presence in your life
like you talk about like well I gotta go
on this vacation
that is a little bit more expensive than I want to
because what if I die
next week and then I won't have done it
so and it was sort of I had a watch
for a while called ticker
which I got off Kickstarter
and it you went online and you filled
in all of this stuff about your life
and all of your habits and your
heart rate and everything and then
it counts down from
your expected death date
and I had that watch until it ran out
of batteries
it couldn't count that
does the watch say
you do fill in I've been diagnosed
with well you could
if I mean like if I went back
and filled it out now you could like add a cancer diagnosis
to it and it would probably take off like 20 years
well isn't that convenient
but yeah so
I've wore that watch a lot and I'd be like well
you know that's gonna happen hopefully
in 60 years or whatever
and so I should go eat
shrimp
Rutherford what are your near death
what's your relationship with death
I can't follow
that man this
you don't have to follow it just open
for her next thing
go lateral
be like here's an impression of Nixon
getting fucked in the boo boo
mix your way out of that shit DJ
I was at my
I was at my parents house this weekend
are you afraid to die
god damn
I don't think I can
die that's the problem
oh you can and you will
oh Jesus this is
the worst podcast
for the guests and for me
I am being
attacked on all fronts
I thought I'd come up here and do like
voices
or be like meow
and you'd be like that sounds like a funny cat
and now I'm thinking about
things and the audience isn't laughing
a lot and
what about you Nick what have you struggled with
and I'm like I was with my parents for a weekend
the audience is thoughtful
tonight they've been that way since the beginning
it was a little
jarring at the top of the show but they're thoughtful
they're listening they're sincere
they're here for the long haul
and they'd like to know if you're afraid of death
they don't want your
what my ex-girlfriend
would call
what did she call it
deflection
they don't want your deflection
we hate that
same thing
I don't know if
you don't know if you're gonna die
I
I don't know if I'm gonna die
I don't
think about it that's how I deal with
death I don't think about it
I do whatever I want to do when I want to do it
as long as it's not hurting somebody then I do that
and if I find I've hurt somebody I try my best
to kill them so they can't tell anybody
do you worry about anything
happening after
you die
you know I
think
now I'm getting real guys buckle in
oh shit
I
think that
you just become like a little thing of energy
and it like poops into a flower somewhere
and maybe you're not aware of that
but you're still that flower or you're
a worm on another planet
or something I don't know
so that's comforting to me
and um
just a worm or a flower
I'll be happy with either of those
but I don't have to worry about that because
I'm immune to death baby
oh god
well I
I don't think about it either
that's my solution
it's great isn't it
I can't imagine it
I get so mad at my
fiance Cody
her dog is dying
we're all dying
if you have a dog right now
you have subscribed to death
all dogs are dying was the prequel
all dogs are going to heaven
Cody's subscription
is running out
I got mad at Cody
today because Cody was upset because
the dog disappeared in the yard
and she was like Barbara Barbara where are you
and then
I can't handle Cody
handling
a dog's death
and I keep thinking to myself like Harmon
you got to get your shit together
you have chosen a woman
you're going to spend the rest of your life with
that means probably you
maybe her shouldn't matter
one of you is going to
watch the other person get sick
or wander out into the yard
if that if that can't be
the definition of the lowest
fucking bar
of my ability to adjust
when she's like where's Barbara
don't talk to me like that
you need to check the whole yard
before you go into hysterics
this is like election night
I told you Hillary was going to win
you didn't believe
I get upset
when she's upset
living with a partner
were you with a partner when you
yes
it was really hard
I'm dating this girl Mary
and
she was
Mary
she's not here she's working
she doesn't listen to this show
she
she might
she was waiting
for me when I was getting the mammogram
and I was like
I've got to be the doctor now
going in and being like I got low
and I was like so okay
this isn't easy news
to say
and that was hard
she was incredible
because there were times where
the doctors would be rattling off
shit and I'd be like I don't care
just tell me when the appointment is
I don't need to know any of the options
and she wrote it all down
in a journal
of everything said to me
during the whole thing
she was phenomenal
I don't think I could have done it
as well without her
and this is the
is it okay to talk a little bit about this
this is the
partner that we
talked about that's that relationship
the one that you're still in
yes I assume
you assume you're still in a relationship
or
I just want to make sure
she's Christian
and not just Christian
secular Christian
she thinks Jesus is coming back
for reals
that's that with all Christians
maybe not
it's kind of a generalization
are you Christian
I'm half Catholic half Baptist
what does that
there's a punchline coming
that means my mama told
my daddy put the rowboat
in the attic
my great grandfather
were Baptist ministers
and my mother was
this close to being a nun
Catholic and I went to Catholic high school
okay so
are you a believer
I am oh okay great
because I grew up in a neighborhood
a city that was very Jewish
and I watched people observe every Saturday
and then I observed
from like six o'clock in the morning
until
maybe four o'clock
because I had to actually feed people after church
so you think Heather's going to hell
no because well Baptist
are cooler about that
I mean look
it's weight training and then you decide what you want to do with it
shoot
I love gay people
come on come on come on
I'm spotting you bro
I'm spotting you
like it's sort of like weed
we're like people introduce it to you
and then you can pick the strain that you like
and how it affects your body
and how much you really want to smoke all day
you don't have to smoke all day
you can smoke at parties
Methodist makes me sleepy
Baptist gives me paranoia
Unitarian I don't even think
that's the CBD
it's like does this have THC in it or not
I think that's
I mean that to me
not that my opinion fucking matters
but that is the actual way to be Christian
in which I would actually then
like start to merge with that freeway
when it's like the Joseph Campbell thing
where it's like I don't
truck with like what the hierarchy
is telling me the older men of my church
or it doesn't go up to any kind of
thing so
it's like politics where like some of the shit is amazing
the good that gets done
and then it's not
some of the shit is garbage
actually just straight up corruption and garbage
like I go to church now
and the church that I go to
was able to get to Haiti before
any other relief organization
because there were doctors in the church
and there were pilots in the church
and they were able to commandeer X-ray machines
and planes and get on the ground
first and I do
I try to do charity but sometimes
if you really want to do charity you have to join a church
because they've got this incredible infrastructure
so like if you're trying to save people from New Orleans
when the floods happen like the first
places that were on the ground
and that were able to get supplies out or churches
so it sort of comes in handy
and there's that prayer thing
that works. And Heather, your partner
like she's also a playwright
which already Christian
playwright like
she's a playwright
and she's a showrunner now
she's got a show on Hulu
she's fucking doing it
Can you tell us the name?
The name has not been announced
but yeah
she's about to move to New York and film it
and I'm gonna miss her
My girlfriend survived breast cancer
and look at me
on Hulu, that's the name of the show
you told me back say
do we edit the podcast?
I need to know
This is live to air
Oh yeah
You look so, are you really
angry about the breast cancer thing?
I'm pissed about it, nobody takes my head away from me
No, he's doing a thing
it's like you guys are double guests
it's not fair, I told him
we're ending the show and at the time
I thought we were ending the show end of September
and I was like come on, come on the show
everybody get on the show, hurry up Jesus Christ
we're ending it
Now I'm ending it in December
and I love you guys both
Nick is sitting in the
in the less favorable seat
and he's playing it up like a gentleman
like he's kind of going like
well I'm not, I don't have anything
I can't like butt in with my story
about Burt Reynolds
Anything wrong with your dick?
No, there's nothing right
dick is perfect
fucking tits are awesome
they're firm and great
I can't relate to this conversation
Well I just wanted to
I'm
fine with that
also Nick's working on Rick and Morty
and he's like a wonderful
super fucking cool guy
like
also as his own show right now
while we're drilled down in this moment though
when you're going through this fucking matrix
where the bullet is going by you
you have a Christian playwright
girl friend
and I want to just like
finish up this thing
this is a two month story
she's there with you
she was
like oh I'm gonna go get my first mammogram
ha ha ha
like and then you're coming out
from the end of the way and going
well that went about as bad as it can go
and then she's in a relation
go from there
so one of the
ah boy
this is or don't by the way
I'm thinking about what
a nightmare would be if she's like in New York
and she's like oh I want to listen
I miss and then it's just an hour
of me being like so what Mary said was
well let me
let me refine it what I want to hear
about your relationship
with her faith
does that make sense because you're an atheist
you're having this
specific experience with oblivion
but you happen to be life partners
at the time with this person who
has this other faith which can take
all forms and then
that's the thing that I'm interested in
when you're like facing this thing
and like the other person
has a completely different
theoretical opinion about
trajectory
I used to be the kind of
atheist who was angry at because
I grew up very Christian and then
I read the Bible and then I was no longer
Christian
that's the genesis of atheism
yeah
so
my experience
so I know a ton about Christianity
and specifically
I was raised Lutheran and they're very dogmatic
and so I knew
a lot of like the dogma like the crunch
of religion
and then
Lutheranism is the Linux of
Christianity
it's a singing church
you shouldn't have to touch a mouse
Catholics would use a mouse
this is command line
kneelers are good
but the mouse we don't
but so when I first
came out of it I was very angry at Christians
because I was like how have you not
done your homework like just do your
fucking homework and you'll see that this is all ridiculous
and then
I
realized this boy
saying this is a form of
arrogance and narcissism
love it
but I realized
that it was narcissistic
and arrogant to tell other people
that I knew more about
what they had
experienced in life than they had
love it and
from that elevated
position
love it
decided
that if I was to truly be
a nihilist when it came to
the afterlife and our experience of the present
then
I had
there was no difference between being Christian
and being an atheist
love it
yes queen
so
then I was like this is great
she's Christian that's great
that's Campbell
he's just like alright fuck it
me as well no wrong answers
right
because none of it doesn't matter
anyway
so yeah that's how I felt
about it is that do you go to church with her
I have gone to church with her
I went to the church for the first time in
more than 20 years
I found it really charming
yeah
I was like
oh man I really expected
I expected to be deeply uncomfortable
and have a lot of social anxiety in that
space and instead I was like this is
kind of a great
meditation camp like everybody's
standing and sitting at the same time
big church
we went to the one on
on Highland behind Hollywood
is that Hollywood showrunner church
I don't know man
that's where
yeah that's Hollywood showrunner church
it's where you have a lot of guilt
for how good
you've got it
Dan does sermons there
me and Vince Gilligan
like give each other communion
other we put our heads up
each other's asses and pull it out
yeah
we do an interview with the rap
but at the end
of it I was like you know if you want to do this
I would totally do it again
because it was she
really really really likes it
what denomination was that
is she Methodist? yeah she's Methodist
yeah so
did you false? I adjusted
furniture I thought it was a good time
right
you gotta
sneak it in
her uh
everybody
everybody she knew
was praying for me and they would like
text me that they were praying for me
and all her friends are very Christian
and I have no Christian friends
so it's very like they would be like
we're praying for you and then I talked to my therapist
about it and she was like well that's not good
because
no because if you think
so there's another study where if other people
are praying for you you're more likely to die
whoa
what are these studies? whether you know it or not
okay well that's backwards math
everyone prays for clearly
dying people more
that's a backwards
but no they've done like a blind study
and like if nobody's praying for you
and you
are more likely to live and if even if you don't
know the person and they don't
know you're praying for them you're more likely to
die no wait come on
it's quantum entanglement
or some bullshit like who knows
that means that god only cares about
you and if
other people care about you then you die
but if you only care about you then you live
I believe in that god there's like
there's a religion yeah he's a jealous guy
he's like
I don't want Dan Harmon
to be hedging in on my game
I feel like my heart stopping
while I say that it's not a Lutheran
thing like do you feel
blasphemous when you do bits about
anything that's like in that area
no not anymore I mean when I first
when I first I feel like shortness of breath
oh yeah when I first did it I was like
this when I first even in myself
in my head secretly quietly was like
I don't believe in God I was sure I was gonna die
immediately and then nothing happened
for years
Lutheranism is the deep fry
of Christianity
of Protestant Christianity it basically
was like you don't even have to go to church
your family just has to be
fucking repressed
like they have to just have infused
into them the idea
that Jesus Christ is Freddy Krueger
and he will get you
he's gonna get you like you've
done it wrong and it's like
fuck Catholics but
fuck you
that's my
personal testimony and according
to today's politics I get to say it cause
I'm technically Lutheran
it's a bag of shit
it started with a good idea
hey this Bible should be in German
now look at it
you know what I
rhubarb pie
it's true
wait what isn't everybody in Lake
Wobagon it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter
let's move on
Nick were you raised religious
Nick
yeah
don't fuck this up
I don't want to hear what Heather has to say
no don't I was raised Catholic
okay
my grandmother is
from Mexico
yeah I know
who said oh
that was me
that was me you think this audience
is gonna make an audible sound
no they haven't yet
and when did you
stop going to church
as soon as I got confirmed
my grandmother was
really Catholic
well
we would go on major holidays
but it just seemed
like a big ritual
okay hey Catholic
what are they confirming
what is being confirmed
being confirmed means that
Jesus likes you
come on
I don't know
you don't know what was confirmed
I really did like a latecomer Catholic
course where like it was like
I can't get a straight answer
about this I'm 46 years old every Catholic
I go like what was
confirmed
you have to go through
so everybody's got like a 12
here we go Baptist town everybody
what to do
here's why the Catholics don't like
your body is
I thought
everybody's got to write a passage
in about 1213 even even Jews
sure I mean yeah but
why is it that's what I'm saying
everyone also has a spring equinox
it's a reinforcement
that you're sort of
involved in the church and you're able to do things
in the church it's sort of like
well you can be an altar boy
do things you can be an altar boy
it's like when evite sends you an email and says
are you coming
and then you have to click the link again
because the guests are like freaking out
they want to know
I think it's that
when you're baptized you're too young
to know what you are accepting
and confirmation is a confirmation
of the things that you accepted
in your soul when you consent
you consent
look at me I've been close to that
it's a spiritual age of consent
it's a little bit of a mix because if you're
Baptist you get dumped all
this is bullshit but you get dumped
all the way down and then you
well they're Baptist if they don't fucking
stuff that shit
they're gonna lose to the next
confirmed you're christened
just a little just a little different
wait confirmed then you're christened
first you get christened then you get confirmed
they dribble a little water on you
I feel like I remember some water
getting dribbled on me
but I'm Lutheran
that would be confirmation
I'd be a Baptist
you can get baptized as a little baby
you remember getting baptized as a baby
shit
you are the Messiah
I remember going to church with my grandma
and
they were something and they were like come up
now for the cracker
or the wine and then like
you were a baby crawled up
I was like six or something
and I went up and did a thing
and then like it was a big to do
when I came back to the seat everyone was like
I can't believe you did that oh my god
I'm like what are you talking about
they're like you oh
he ate the cracker and drank the wine
like the whole family
talked about it the rest of the day I was like what did I do
I did something wrong
and now everyone's happy
I went up and I did two things
as a baby
well it wasn't a baby no I wasn't a baby
this isn't my baptism story
but you remember the baptism as well
no I don't remember a baptism
I remember having some water trickle on me
sorry
let's talk about
Mario Brothers
I
I want to get this straight
I have a memory
of some water being
trickled on my head
I don't know what that was
probably it could be really anything
yeah
that could be $50
in Reno
I'm not talking about religion anymore
were you smoking
I have a separate memory
without telling you I was running through
all of my memories of being in a church
ever
and so then the second one was that I
yeah and then I was running into that
and you guys were picturing a baby
but no the second memory was
there was something about communion and like a thing
with the wine or something
yeah it doesn't matter
no it matters a lot to some people
yeah
especially God
give a fuck about the monkey ass rituals
who has the shortest weddings
Greek Orthodox is the longest
who's the shortest wedding
out of all the Christian religion
I imagine that like poor
poor people
because they're like no
they're like you will not be getting a meal
after we say I do
so I do goodnight
you ever go to a Greek Orthodox wedding
those people don't give a fuck
about what
about whether you leave there
with a favorable opinion about their
well I should be Greek
nope you're not going to think that
you're going to be like I got better things to do
that is a two hour wedding
I don't think I have is that Jesse from
Full House
he's the only one
he's great
if you have a wedding with
Greek Orthodox will put your ass on the ground
I don't know any
Greek Orthodox people
you do Bill Cot
oh okay
the Orthodox wedding where the
bride and groom
stare at a statue for three minutes
wait what?
the bride and groom are now going to contemplate
the Virgin Mary
oh
just look at it
I said it was Olmec from
Legends of the Hidden Temple
it would be a good statue to stare at
the silver snakes
look
we got a lot of time to fill
let's pick it up
like a Greek Orthodox
hey
is there an SNL character
in Greek Orthodox
Greek Orthodox
Nick will you please tell us about your
new show on Adult Swing
oh Brandon thank you so much
called Rick and Morty
and it's
kind of a
no I think what you're talking about is
Dream Corp LSE
hey
what are you moonlighting
he's moonlighting
I don't let anyone
work on anything else
you're about to get fired again
and
and it just got
cancelled so
check it out on Hulu
because that's the only place where it is now
how much fun was that show
was it fun at all or was it hard
it was super fun
it was the best job I ever had
because you wrote on it as well
I wrote on it
I feel like
when I listen to podcasts and people talk about their shows
I'm like I don't give a fuck get to the stuff
so I just want to say check out
there's no other stuff on this show
we're talking about the length of weddings
exactly
they want to know which is the longest
what was this old troop of yours
you were in the whitest guys you know
what was your thing the window cells
insulting
it was called good neighbor that was his
impromptu
I know
I'm trying to be fun
I know those guys I'm your fun boss
I'm your fun boss
you're my fun boss
yeah check out good neighbor
say I'm fun or you're fired
anyway
yeah so dreamcorp was
my second favorite show to work on
excellent
third
first being rick and morty then s and l
then dreamcorp
you work with Rob Schrab how's that
Rob Schrab is wonderful we all know Rob Schrab
very sick
shout out to Rob Schrab
what a pleasure he is
it's good to have him in the rick and morty writers room
I love it
we hate each other and it's great
that's nice
I walk into the writers room and then it's just
20 minutes of me and Schrab
yelling at each other
and everyone's like
what's happening
yeah it's a lot of that but
when you're not there which is most of the time
it's rob
and me yelling at each other
so that's okay too
no we get along great
I love rob
have fun with that friendship
I'm glad you're giving us the space
to do that
take it around the block tell me what you think
give it 20 years
no I love rob it
it's gonna take you places
heather have you ever been friends with Rob Schrab
he's like the life scooter
do you know how to fix a Rob Schrab's fuel injector
yeah one time I started Rob Schrab
and there's gasoline
all over the place
ah
that really is wrong
that's brandon's impression of
starting Rob Schrab as a car
yeah yeah he's going to kill me
I
ah
I did that's the full
impression
there seems to be an inordinate
amount of spiders at my house
but we don't care about that
is that a topic that you have
is that a transition
did you
did you put up notes and were just like
spiders
coiling cable
that's it
that's the only thing I have
I have one thing about you
which is that you were the featured singer in improv
everywhere's food court musical
boy
I want to hear about that
because I saw that on wikipedia and I was like
oh I remember improv anywhere
can we play it?
no
there was a pilot for NBC
for improv everywhere
oh that's what this is
and I was in a bit
and for whoever it is
the choices made on my wikipedia
of what to highlight
it baffles me
it's like a web series I did
in like 2007
that's got prime placement
but
we went down to
a mall
here
I don't even know the name of the mall
it was not
the grove or the americana
then who cares
a mall
and I had to work as a
hot dog on a stick
girl for the entirety of the day
and the manager came from
central management and taught me how to do
the job
and I had an earwig in
and at some point during the day
the earwig would go beep beep beep
and that was the sound
of that was go
and the note
of the beeping was my
key
they're just going to decide that
oh it's D sharp this time
beep beep
and then I had to start singing
to whoever I was serving
and then I would leap over the counter
and eventually the entire food court
would turn into a full musical
for half of the people there
one of those pranks without any
nobody was being pranked
except the people doing it
which I would prefer
to the actual
let's watch what this guy does
when he thinks he's not being recorded on camera
someone tells him that there's shit on his
car
or the people getting in the elevator
and the elevator floor drops out
that's a nightmare
I want to go back to dance prank
so
they just go up to a guy and say there's shit on your car
I don't like
prank shows
I don't like that
you have a bunch of cameras on a person
that doesn't know they're on camera
and they're the mark
the least you could do is
elevate that person
I want to hear more about this show
I've already talked about my feelings about prank shows
that was it
so I sang a song
but how many tanks?
we did two because you had to wait until the mall
cleared
because I imagine so everyone
shopping in the mall
here's this event happening
and they'd be like what the fuck is happening
and there were people dancing
not me
I saw y'all do that the first time
improv everywhere
she going to start singing everybody
I'll take a giant coke
cause shit to me
that dude
how did they get everybody out
it was hours
that's why I had to know how to do the job
did you make the lemonade?
I did the whole job
for hours
I always wanted to work at hot dog on the stick
the hats
they're so tall
there is something like really Dennis Hopper
70's
conceptual movie about that
there were definitely
not even arguably but definitely more people
on the payroll than there were
civilians
the prank show was allowing them
improv everywhere started
with the idea of like
we'll set up on the street corner
and there will be normal people
and then we're doing it for NBC
and then they're like
ok well
everyone involved has to sign an NDA
and a waiver
and get a job somewhere else
people
and you're churning butter
and packing
you're doing actual work
and you're waiting for that's amazing to me
it's funny
the improv everywhere stuff started
it was the grand central station stuff
at the same time
the fucking pressure though
wait was the song written?
yeah the song was written
and it was acapella
for the first like 2-3
measures or something
but the important thing to the show
the important thing to the show was that the customer
was a genuine
person
so if they started screaming the N word at you
like if they were like
I'll take a Diet Coke and you're like
they have a feeling and they're like
N word, N word, N word
because they're from 4chan and they're like
let's culture jam
the day is shot
we would have reset and waited
because there were 3 attempts
but only 2 takes
and one of the attempts
the woman was on her cell phone
when she ordered
and her hand just started shaking
and she wouldn't look up from her phone
because she thought she was going
crazy
Jesus Christ you could have driven someone in singing
like she just
stared at her phone
I'm like singing right here with a big smile
the subtle feeling that everyone is watching you
is absolutely
symptomatic of like fucking
oh my god you could have driven
someone to snap
so we didn't use that
we bailed
you didn't use that snuff film
but if
shit had gone wrong
are you telling me
you guys didn't get
a safety that was a
PA going up and going
I'll have a hot dog
oh what's happening
just while you're there
I've been on other prank shows
where we have
I wrote for a kids show where they used
a couple plans name it
it's cancel culture
that's a great name
cancel culture
cancel this show
super sloppy double dare
you're finished
what's the thing
it was called incredible crew
it's over
no but redone
and there were a couple plants
because there were a couple times where they couldn't get a reaction
out of a regular person
to what
what kind of reactions were there
what was a kids show
I'm picking your nose while making your smoothies
I got your nose
it was
a little more elevated than that
I'm picking my butt while making
your smoothies
there was a girl with a dog
in a carrier
and there was a dog
in a cat carrier
which would be fucking nuts
it's not built for them
but the carrier was going
crazy and people didn't care
they were just like
who cares about that person's dog
so you had to have somebody
go up and be like oh no
which would cue other people to be like
I've talked about this way too much
but my favorite prank show
the only one that ever made me feel good to watch
was the Alan Funt Playboy Channel
prank show
that he did 12 episodes of
and it was like I'm Alan Funt
and I'm famous for candid camera
but I'm doing this playboy show
and so it was like
the budget was $500
so it was basically just like any guy
who answered an ad that was like
you can work
today for this amount of money
which is more money than he was ever going to get
they tell him your job is
to sit at this desk in this identical
ridiculous shitty
sparse office building room
and if anything
happens just give me a call
and the guy
all they did
was just 12 episodes of guys sitting
in an office and then naked women would come in
or women that would
come in fully clothed and then when they heard
they had to wait they would get naked
or like guys that were like magicians
they would generate a naked woman
but it was just like 12 variations on
a naked lady and the guy reacting
but the guy was never the mark
the guy would always be like
I think you were the mark in that show
I fucking loved it
before I realized as an adult I realized
oh fuck you know what ruins this show
for me is I just realized like
it's probably not Alan Funt's voice
that's actually talking to them
because why wouldn't he if he was available
why wouldn't he have been part of the show
as a 15 year old who was
busy jerking off to all the other
Playboy Channel content
I was like not thinking about it but I was like
this is a good prank show
because Alan Funt was basically calling
these guys on the phone and going
hey how's it going over there
and then the guy would go
uh I don't know
there's a naked lady
what there's a naked lady
what the fuck are you talking about
why is she naked
I don't
I don't know I don't know
well ask her
he wants to know
why are you naked
cause I'm the best
I'm the booby dooby
and the woobie
she said hey what
can I ask you a question
what's your name
Mario
Mario what in the fuck
is going on over there
it was fucking
fantastic I like that this show is just your
refractory period between
jerking off
he would just be exhausted laying out
I had two weeks to change
the channel what else is up
okay this is a good transition
they used to call that channel
the only unscramble one
that was
next up is another girl four years older
than you even though you're
anyways
so what uh oh gosh
what's it like to be a lesbian
go in any order
yeah
I imagine it's great
it would be the best
you know women are
understanding and accepting
and god damn
if I can only be one
that was really beautiful
thanks
I'm sure you have a different opinion
it's great
well I'll tell you how it really is
okay please
I think it's like
Millennium Falcon
uh huh yeah I'm in no I'm in
go ahead
I didn't know you had a real answer
who me
wait was that not a real question
oh god
please answer it for God's sake
it's great it's great
I love it I love it
I participate in lesbian culture
I hate it
I hate it so much
I mean I'm a gay woman
who doesn't identify as a gay woman
it's probably impossible to identify
as anything right
but I
talk about the relationship
with performer status as long as we're there
like because it's like there's
a part of you we had this conversation
years ago
it's like you weren't not
out but you hadn't come out
yeah so
for a long time I was out to
you know anybody who I knew
uh but then I was not
out like on social media
or anything because I didn't want it to be
my brand yeah I don't
I don't want to be I don't want to be
a gay writer I don't want to be a gay
comedian or like
I'd be a loser
comedian that works for me but
like I don't it's I don't
think about it
at all and I don't have any
pride in it
at all like I don't feel like I did anything
Sarah Silverman said the same thing about
like well and this was like
a million years ago she said the same thing about
Judaism about being Jewish yeah
yeah and it was like and that's important
I interject that in case anyways fur bristles
because we're like living this age of like
fucking own it or like whatever
you would war with this or it war with that but like
Sarah's never she's not
hiding from her Judaism but at the same
time I remember her
saying back then it's like oh I try to
like like try to like cushion
this distance like you don't want to like
am I the Jewish this some of the Jewish
that or am I am I
just all of this other stuff and on top
of that I'm Jewish yeah I think that there's a
new you know obviously there's a new school
of thought where like identity is
like all of the pride that you take
in your gender
slash sexual identity
slash personal identity
all those things are like important
because then you are also demonstrating
a confidence to younger generations
and and providing that I don't
feel like I owe those
people anything so I don't want to do
so what was the because you
came out yeah a year ago
so I came out a year ago
in large part
because I felt like hiding
my
relationship with my girlfriend was
denying that I was in a
relationship with my girlfriend
like I would talk about literally
everything else like I talked about like going
to the fucking hospital or
like you know
anything but I wouldn't
I didn't ever talk about my relationships
online
and it's sort of came to
a place where I was like this is weird
like it's it's actively weird
it's weird that you can't do what other comics do
which is involve their
life and their work
yeah yeah so I so I was like well
I guess for coming out they all come out
and that was that and then now I'm out
and it's a nightmare
it's a nightmare
it's an awful nightmare
you don't have to answer that
no it's fine nothing changed
nothing matters
is that why it's a nightmare
no no I
I don't like this line
question yeah man I don't know man like it's
all right well I didn't
yes I did I asked it but
no nothing's changed it's the same
you expect there to be
a transformation at the end
of that journey and there isn't one
no I mean I don't I think
you're using the royal you
I see all people as a beam of light
whoa is that true
that's gotta be crazy I don't even know who you are
have you worked with Jeff
have you guys ever been on the same stage at Who's Line
Jeff Davis yeah we
weren't at Who's Line but we did a
show called Drew Carey's Improvaganza
together and just keep it seems like
you miss each other just coincidentally
we on Who's Line
that's because there's only four chairs
so three chairs are permanent and the fourth chair
is rotating so
we can't ever be on the same episode
excellent
more importantly you were
on screen with Jeff Davis
when you
me and he won an Emmy
for Chris Hardwick
we gave them their Emmy winning episode
yeah of course we did
it was excellent we did a great
it was an amazing fucking episode
it won an Emmy
no I wasn't fishing for it actually
the pause you took before you
it makes your clap
it's fruit of the poison tree
I think their pause was like what the fuck
are they talking about
what are we supporting with this
then don't applaud
if you don't applaud
spontaneously don't applaud at all
I don't want your favor
I don't know if that's true
well at the
yeah
it's goddamn professional y'all
goddamn pro
this is one of those episodes
I don't listen back to
this one's good
that doesn't mean anything
goddamn
give us the fucking dirt on Jordan Peele
does he even show up around there
at Twilight Zone
he comes in and he goes you know what
I think this time should be
less Twilight I wonder what that's like
come on
you're gonna foam it
you know what I don't like Rick and Morty anymore
no
I don't want to say
we continue to be the same person
he gets in a space ship
he's got his kid grand kid
with him whatever they go do some flubid
are we sure this isn't the last episode
of the show
Jordan Peele shows up less than I do for sure
no he's running the room he's there
every day
lies
it's true
he's there
he's there every day
but if he was just there on Monday
it would still be true
wait no he's there
every time we're in the room he's there
that's the truth
does he have a world book for Twilight Zone
I think thought in his movies
he made like extensive world books
oh like a
encyclopedia of the world of his episode
like a big bible well like yeah like a show bible
that helps kind of like direct ideas
in the show
that's fine no wait I'm hung up on this thing
are you for real no irony
nothing like Jordan Peele
is for real
in the Twilight Zone writers room
every single
what the fuck
he's really there every time yeah
he's just hanging out
obviously working he wouldn't want to hang out
he's running the room it's great
what the fuck
what's it like
I mean keep peeled
I mean at a certain point don't you want
these dicks to chase their tails for a while
he uh he
he what he what he was not
he supports you he gives you his guidance
does he encourage you
sure he sure sometimes he'll
tell you you've done wrong but that's okay
look they're not staffing
it's
you never know I tried to get her on
Rick and Morty you can't
you're not migrating over there
you know
what they got it you know what
Dan they got it easy over there
writing horror
what yeah you
heard us
say it Dan well that is my next
question so
yeah easy peasy
yeah
wasn't funny but everybody
still laughed
worse horror schmarr
comedy comedy comedy
I don't know why I'm creating
this weird rift
I'm too
I'm seeing triple of everything
well there are three people
you
you've uh you've been in comedy
writers rooms sketch writers rooms so like
for real like in a post black
mirror world like this
Twilight Zone thing happens like
what is there any insight you can give us
what the difficulty is when you're
in a writer's room working on
Twilight Zone I'm gonna give some insight
into writing on it and Morty
if you needed time to think about it
go ahead go ahead
it wouldn't have been funny if I followed
your answer I just
my me interrupting
was this what I wanted to say
that was it me interrupting
what I want to say
me interrupting was a big interruption
because there's something
there that you interrupt
was the thing I wanted to say I really
wanted to hear what I say whatever it is
so the the
I can't I don't know what I can the
NDA for that show is fuck that
fucking thick it can't be that what
don't talk about anything big deal
right that's beatable
I can beat that in court I'll take
the heat dance go
do not do not
let him
hey I said it's okay
to talk about everything
the first season was different than
the second season Jordan's there all the time
yes and
it's I mean it's
fucking great it's great I
look it's all of my sketch
and comedy ideas were
Twilight Zone ideas previous to
being on the Twilight Zone they were always
nightmares for whoever was in
the thing like they're not
they're not fun
they're not fun the things that I
wrote as comedy were horrible
nightmares and now I just don't have to
put in the laugh bits it's great I know
it would have been nice to have you and stuff
I would I mean I'm hoping
well yeah I would really
that was so cool
you're hoping you're hoping but you know
like the Twilight Zone train just keeps chugging
and you know
but who conducts the train
see that's pretty good for
horror stuff right a train
that there's no conductor on that would work
tell Jordan about that
tell them that was my idea
they're not hiring
but you go there and it's just a conductor hat
they pulled up and it's a skeleton
that'd be fun right that'd be a fun episode
I wish I thought you said who can touch
the train
now we collaborate on one that's ours that's ours
that's hilarious that's ours
it's a train that can't be touched
when Jordan
comes into the writer's room is he like
he's like
he comes in at like 11 30 right
no he's touched really early
and he's like god damn I finally
figured out how to instagram my work out
I think it's crazy that you think 11 30
is an early time to come into an office
I don't think he thinks it is
early I think he thinks it's fine
he wants to know it's a fine time
all right let's move on
fine I just I just honestly
you really did it to yourself
every day Jordan Peele goes into the toilet
you are doing it to yourself
get out of that hole
I mean
you know he wrote key appeal and get out
in the same time frame
can I can I monster
since you have his ear
can you
can I can I pitch that's a good episode
ooh I've got Jordan
can you pitch Jordan Peele
where's my ear I'm Jordan
ooh it's right here
this is my pitch for a Twilight Zone
imagine being a showrunner
that goes in at
10 a.m. every day
guys first off he was on
your show he's on rigging morning
like you can talk to him
well yeah he didn't make the
Twilight Zone yet he was playing
a testicle head
but I didn't have a chance to talk to him
but I didn't get a chance to say to him
like if you like
make if you if you're
allowed to not are you going to
show up in the writer's room at a drama
yeah yeah it's a good
anthological drama
damn why is this mine going to you
yeah
incredible also didn't show up for the
record when Jordan Peele stopped by
bruh that's true
god damn
what does it take
you were meant to direct
this isn't what this podcast is supposed to be about
brother bird where are you going
I'm just like look
here I want to mic this
oh yeah
oh that's delicious I see
your ghost is pouring themselves a drink
that'd be a good episode
ghost alcoholic
that was the thing that broke
my heart Heather by the way
we were talking
is that you
you like me you're like
hey let's drink
and then like just by virtue
of this garbage thing
that you would think just shoots through your life
and either leaves you living or dead
and then it's like
but you're not
allowed to really drink
yes I was a heavy
an enthusiastic drinker
previous
actually a few years ago
I took a boxing
and I was boxing so much that it was
harder for me to drink so there was
a nice
gradient between like the years
where I was like this is the thing
that I love
more than anything and then not being able
to drink really anymore
and so it was a bummer that when we
finally got to sit down and have a drink
I was like I get to have a beer
and that's it
and I'm like
you complained about it the whole time
wait what do you mean
give it to me
damn it
that's how I'm going out
what did I do
you were very kind
and understanding of the fact that I
wanted to drink and couldn't drink
but you know
there's a ghost boxer
fuck
but you know what's funny
when I was sitting down was
this isn't funny to us but
I want people listening to hear this
because I kind of
it was like
I did like in short order
you and I were talking about your diagnosis
and your experience and stuff
and then it's like you're coming from this
Han Solo position and you're like
you're the protagonist
and the story about this shit
and then there was a precise point
when you're like I don't want to be that person
hanging out with me and treating me different
because of this thing and I was like
I think
I'm doing that
but at the same time
it was like that's not
deserved at all
I don't
there's nothing to do with that
and it made me want to run out in the street
and stop traffic and go
treat every single person you've ever known
the way you would treat them
if you just found out on Instagram
that they had breast cancer
and like beat it
it's such a corn dog thing
no question but take it
you went through grief
you're basically breaking down the grief
that you went through and it's okay to
be as sad as you were
about your friends diagnosis
that's completely legit
thank you Brandon
honestly there is this thing
we
it's almost like you had been through a surgery
I think we're all here for Dan tonight
hey let's give it up for Dan
for going through that
and coming in is still strong
I knew you were a good audience
you just needed to be warmed up over two hours
what the fuck did you get here by bus
go fuck yourself
we made it this far I don't need you
you can boo for the rest of the night
I'll still finish the show
anyways Heather what are your thoughts
I was gonna say that what was really
what was really wild about
that feeling and then also
the end of cancer is that
so my first
I got to see exactly how long
people will mourn me
when I die because my first
show back
sold out people who brought
signs and they were like
like standing ovation
and then over the course of the next few months
the audiences went back to
just a few people
and I was like that's exactly the
arc of when people find out
that I'm dead and then when
they won't care anymore
it's like exactly five
months
that's great this is why you chose this
show to announce your next cancer
tell me where you're gonna be
that's a healthy number
five months feels right
but it's funny
because I'm thinking about the friends
we've lost we live in a vocation that is
yeah
well they're famous
so they
I'm going
oh yeah that's the nightmare
it's not the
going from this to oblivion
it's the actual thought
maybe of oh
oh Jesus
but why does that matter
does it not
be there for it
well it's
there's a I feel like
if you are an atheist and you feel like
nothing happens after dead then there's some
comfort in knowing that like the memory
if you lives on but it really bums you out
when you're like even then my best friends
I feel
when I think about my death as a
visible person this is the one
thought I have is I feel
advanced animosity
towards the public because I know
that it doesn't matter how
I die I could get hit by a Ferrari
I could a
safe call on me from
from a skyscraper I will probably die
of prostate cancer or a heart
attack or a stroke or a god damn
it our fucking bodies are designed
to fail and a mind will fail but
because
of the life that I've led because
of the because I've been visible
my
my death will be
marked
mostly by conversations about addiction
like people will say it won't
matter if I just like my pancreas
just failed people will go
you know if you need to talk to somebody about
your love of chocolate
like they'll just like
talk about addiction they'll talk about alcohol
it won't matter if my lungs failed
or and I'm like like come on fuck
off you could be an Olympic athlete
and you're getting lung cancer and fucking
dicks but
people want like they'll that's
what I fear that about my legacy
I
feel I don't want people to like say
after I died you should have combed his hair
that's because it's like Jesus Christ
I thought I beat this you won't be here for
yeah I know but I fucking hate that's
the one thing I hate it's that five month
I'm like fuck you fucking so you don't
you you feel so I should I didn't
comb my hair fuck you fuck you
like I want I want to be like fuck you
so you're
your biggest feeling about it is that
you don't have control over the narrative
over my image after your death
yes well wait a minute
what are we talking about like what's your biggest fear
do you have you're gonna I mean you can
high road me you're allowed to
my biggest fear is the is the end
it's that is the is that
yeah but that transition moment the one
molecule of time
that scares me too however
TMZ
what
is that
molecule was like
a little guy god
guy named Markey
and Markey was like I'm here to help
you across the threshold that'd be a good
that'd be a good episode
walk through where we're going with it
like break it out for me a little get me
in the room with Jordan I swear to god
if you get me in the room with big old
J I will figure yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah you don't really think do you
ever think about your obituary
oh no
how is that off limits
we tried that I just try
I do just try
but how about it
that's what I'm thinking I'm like I'm like
hi damn it don't like like
uh
you can write yours write yours
write your obituary well you know
I can write it with esteemable acts
what I can go to the kitchen
for a while right and then
my obituary I'll say
Dan Harmon did this this and that
and he was famous for this and that
for the last ten years of his life he worked
in a soup kitchen it's not going to say
it won't say that it'll say
like clickity clickity clickity
clickity clack clack right
the thing that was interesting
about him and the comment section I'll say
anyone who needs to talk about being a big fat piece
of shit
call this number come back
this is how he died it's not cool
you can talk to someone if you're a big fat
fuck
it's okay
like don't fucking die
just call me
I'm like wait I'm allowed to
just live and then die
that's my fear
I don't want to be a fucking cautionary tale
I had fun you're gonna get to be
in the montage probably
I just thought about that
I was talking
about that
and I just realized that
that I'm basically like guaranteed
a fucking Emmy memoriam
it's
fucking amazing
it depends
it depends on nothing
nothing
no I want an Emmy
if somebody is famous sir
no one's famous sir when you die
you get the Emmy of death
hahahaha
I mean if it's a busload
of like Harlem Globetrotters
12 killed at one time
I'm not gonna win
any popularity contest for saying this
but I look forward to the fact there's gonna be
a slight swell and applause
even though
everyone knows it's crass
I'm gonna be between Spuds
McGinty the
Grip who worked on Bonanza
and then
the
Frasier Frasier script supervisor
but
you're gonna play it back on your hologram
and it's gonna go the applause is gonna go
hahahaha
because you know what
I was
I was better
and my death is more important
hahahaha
have you thought about
that it'll probably be a clip of
Rick Sanchez going like
damn it Morty
and it's like you just had your name under it
and it wanted to be your voice
either that or me fucking a baby
that was
non-union that was non-union
a fake baby
that got a spirit award
it was independent for sure
no I don't know
it'll be my headshot from high school
or whatever
I don't think it will
you gotta send him that headshot now man
it'll be like a photo of me
high school that's not what they do
that's what they do
it's not your bachelor party
they're not like
let's find a goofy picture of this guy who just died
what photos did they show
it'll be you looking at a
strip of film or something
I'm not just looking at film
I'm not gonna look at film
it'll be black and white
why would I look at film
they mock it up
if someone invites me to look at film
I'm gonna know that I'm gonna die
I'm not doing it
that's a bigger demarcator of death
and christianity
the praying
we want you to come in and look at a roll of film
Shelly Default is just acting on it
what's all this smoke here for
don't worry about it
what if they put a sheet over you
when you take the photo
hold still for 15 minutes
we're not gonna put your face on the side
of a fucking studio at Sony
maybe it's just a clip of a crying
orbit
got you mother fuck
hell yeah
it's interesting to think about fame
Brandon what are your thoughts
about fame
it's useful
yeah
it's the best goddamn thing created
can you imagine you're stuck on a planet
right you're stuck here
but you fucking famous
that is a wonderful thing
Spencer what's your relationship with fame
I think it's useful
yeah it's like we live in the social
world and so fame
is like social capital you could leverage
it's great
I mean it's obviously a two-ended sword
but I don't know I like it
I get recognized
today I was walking and some guy was like
literally a block and a half and I heard behind me
dungeon master and I was like oh that's cool
I'm not gonna turn around but that's cool
and then you saw a woman
you gotta go to Best Buy
there's like
you gotta go to Best Buy go to Best Buy
oh yeah like I'm telling you like every
single person at Best Buy
every employee every customer
it's just good like if you want to fucking boost
to me every employee won't
look to see if something's in the back
no that's the thing
it's like at first people
it just seems like the system's working
well I need a USB-C cable
to a thing and the person just seems like
they're like oh well let me help you with that
and it just seems like you're living
in like heaven
because they're like oh they're willing to help
and then after a while they check you out and they're like
by the way are you just talking about a
store yeah Best Buy
yeah I'm telling Spencer to go to Best Buy
before Nick's famous on two coasts
I went to the comic book store and that happened there
like by the way I love Harmon Quest I'm like hell yeah
this fucking guy feels great
I'm like the comic book store
isn't it great because like the thing is
like you're not famous for
punching a old lady
that would be fucking great
holy shit you're famous
for nerdy shit
so like people that recognize you
you're like it's done
but the prestige of the old lady
punching and they come up and they go like
oh I'm sorry
could you mind if I like
come on bring it brother
you're keeping me alive
like gimme gimme he's like soak me in it
it's great
it's great it's fleeting and it's great
it's all gonna be over soon do you get recognized
it'll be over soon
do people run up to you and go Heather Anne Campbell
yeah sometimes you hate it
no I don't
I had a conversation with a friend
who was like his ideal level
of fame was NBA
superstar like he was like
I want to not be able to leave
my house and I was like that sounds
like hell to me that sounds like hell
you're subscribing the actual part of it
that's bad
he was like I want
I want if I go to
a restaurant I want to be so famous that they have to
put me in a section and they put curtains up
and I was like that's
I love this guy for his
honesty yeah that was his
ideal level of fame and my ideal
level of fame is exactly where I am
right now which is like
once in a while at a coffee shop they'll be like
hey I really like the thing
and then I'll be like oh thanks
wow but like
most of the time I can go to
a bar or a restaurant with a book
and nobody talks to me and that's wonderful
go to Home Depot no one's gonna tell you how to
buy a sword
or whatever the fuck they sell there
but it's like
people are like
they go like by the way
by the way
do you get recognized at Home Depot
no no god no
that's why I just hold this by
there's a craftsman
there are men who work with their hands
men and women who build things
any place that sells anything sharp
are you saying that craftsmen
don't appreciate stories
nope they don't
they're creating their own
there's no instructions
they're building the stories
how about you do you get recognized
occasionally
but I don't
I don't know how I feel about it
I like it
I feel like this is intro'd weird
and now it's gonna be weird
I had lunch with
an ex-girlfriend
who was just like we should catch up
and we were having lunch
and somebody came up
and was like
hell yeah
I want your girl
he was like
I like you I like what you do
and I never do this
I love it when people say hi
because it doesn't happen much
so I never do this but he was very
I felt like I had the opportunity to do it
and I was just like
I'm having lunch with my friend right now
and he was like oh of course
I wasn't a dick but I was just like
I appreciate it but right now I'm trying to
have lunch with the friend and he walked away
that's a tumblr
essay
the way I said it
he didn't
survive
why you do that
it's a story
so you did that
I was just like oh thank you thank you
and then he kept going and then I was like
oh you know I'm having lunch with the friend
and that felt good because I would never
do that
I would just be like have a seat
because I love it I love fame
but it felt good
to rub it into an ex-girlfriend's face
yeah that's what you want
but now she knows
because if she listens to this
she'll know
she doesn't listen well she might
but she's also an ex of like 15 years ago
so it doesn't really matter
I have a running joke where I text my
fianc every time
someone
recognizes me in public
and I'll text her about it
I don't know what the joke is
I really don't know what it is
what do you text
I text her as if I'm
I'm just tallying it
so I'll just go
three recognitions
Venice promenade
I give it hard stats
like I'm trying to like horn her up
oh that's a joke I think that's a problem
I don't know what my joke is
I wonder sometimes
is my bit not inviting her
to have
because sometimes I'm kind of resentful
people are like well what's your bit
what's my role in it
I don't really know what her role in it's supposed to be
it's like when a bird collects colorful rocks
and feathers to adorn the nest
it's like does you like this one
I'll put that there
yeah but that bird doesn't usually do it
next to their current bird mate
but that's you're showing it to them
you're like huh this is good
oh I see I see yeah
I just think it's like part of the humor
though is that I can't talk to her about it
like I just keep on
like every time someone
recognizes me I text Cody
and I'll take a photo
with the person and I'll text her to Cody
and I'll go like hey
Kmart electronic section
like guys a big fan
and I don't know
and she's always like
she doesn't she's nailing it
and she posts it to Instagram
yeah I mean she does post it
these are illustrious stories you're visiting
alright alright alright
well no it's getting to that point
it says airplane mode enabled
apple watch
that could be good
I mean
it's time to stop doing the show
no
and don't forget
to stop doing it entirely in December
so
for anyone who doesn't like this
I know you're booing
the stopping of the show
which is the equivalent of what you
should have done tonight
which is applaud the presence of the show
but you couldn't
well that's
that's
not bad applause
I accept that
you guys
congrats
you know
I love you
let's not engage in an unhealthy
relationship we're going to have a finite
like we're and therefore a loving one
we're going to do a countdown
we're going to do a countdown to get down
December town Harmontown
December's a million months away
December 2022
that's the end of it
my big goal
you heard it here
Jerry Springer
the mayor of Cleveland
who do you want to be your last five guests
Jerry Springer
I'll throw a charity's ass
Norm MacDonald
who?
Jordan Peterson
no
whatever
Joe Rogan
Adam Carola
can I name
four more white guys
Joe Biden
and Maya Angelou
Viola Davis
you should get Elizabeth Warren on this podcast
yeah
oh who's the
Cody keeps telling me
god damn
wow whatever Mary Ann Wilson
Williamson
there's some person that she keeps
Cody
we're all guessing
we don't know
we'll find out next week
Marie Kondo though I have a few words for her
whoa
I keep trying
to apply her things
and then I'm like
what if Marie Kondo's next book was like
oh shit wait
because she keeps telling you
to throw everything away people
yeah
she don't have my shit
that's anybody who preaches that gospel
they don't have nice shit
well there's different
I think there's different attachments
Marie Kondo's thing is that she doesn't have good stuff
yeah you go around
so she's like throw it all away
because she doesn't like her own stuff
that's the thing like one of her books is like
oh shit
where's that DVD
of Debbie does Dallas 3
and then she's like people wait stop don't
don't throw anything away
her second book is buy all that shit back
you can have this
did you throw my book away
it shouldn't spark joy stop
stop
no but I like
her
you were right
I want to throw everything away I've learned that
I moved from my old house to my new house
and I don't want to encourage robbers right now
but I really have not been to my old house
forever this is the most
relatable podcast in the world
alright alright alright
let's make it relatable here's her rap
oh shit here we go
oh shit
yo
working class
Heather Anne Campbell
yo Ramble
go in the brambles
I got an amplitude
of attitudes to share with you
I'm gonna fuck your mama like she was
a bullet stew
nutrition
carrots and protein
gonna fuck your mama know what
I mean
my
my rap is emotional
I'm gonna go
locomotional
choo choo railroad
choo choo train train
he feels it
fill him up
fill him up fill him up
what sorry what
wait I'm sorry what
fill him up
what wait what
sorry
fill him up fill him up
I'm filling my choo choo train
up
fill him up fill him up
thank you sir
thank you
no problem thank you
okay I like to fill my
choo choo up
fill him up
to the break of dawn
fill him up fill him up
speak to the metal
prove to the bimble
gibberish
gibberish time
that was a gibberish
rhyme break
for goodness sake
I'm a choo choo train waiting
at the station
give him up
yep yep
just hang him out
choo choo train
just a choo choo train
hang him out
give him a kiss fill him up
give him a kiss
I'm a little choo choo train
hug him
wrap him up in a bliky
bliky
choo choo train
teach him
teach him about the rails
he's a baby choo choo train
train
blanket
police
go strain
you can't touch
the ghost train
it's a twilight zone
in your brain
ghost train
don't touch it
don't touch that train
it's a ghost
fill him up with the song
ghost train
it's coming down
like a rain
ghost train I paid
ten dollars again
why am I here in
Black Park
I need to walk to my car
with a partner
statistically
I'm at more risk
of death than
some of our
esteemed guests
because I came out to see
your show
I made up on a true crime
show
he's rambling now
shut him up
to your car
with a buddy
and not the wrong kind
of buddy
you have to be able to
detect the different kinds
there's gonna be ones
that are like
let me walk you to your
let me walk you
to your car
I don't think so
I don't know
I can't
wait
okay
Heather Anne Campbell
that's the end of Harmontown
thank you so much
we love you from the
we love you from the downtown dynasty
Nick Rutherford
Heather Anne Campbell
Dan Harmon
Spencer Crittenden
Nolan Fabrikas
Beats
we love you so much
thanks for stopping by Sarah Hill
church thanks so much for shooting this
tonight I've been Brandon Johnson
Jeff Davis returns next week
even I am ecstatic about that
music
did you get any of that